\bigskip \noindent{\sc PI Salaries:} 

We include 6 months salary in the first year for PI Becker, and 3
months in the second year. Becker is on the Research Faculty at UW,
meaning his salary must be accumulated through grants such as this
one.  Benefits are calculated at the rate of $26.9\%$.  We budget for
a $2\%$ annual increase in these salaries.

We include 3 months salary in the second year for Co--I Barnes, and 6
months in the third year.  Barnes is on the Research Staff at UW,
meaning his salary must be accumulated through grants such as this
one.  Benefits are calculated at the rate of $34.0\%$.  We budget for
a $2\%$ annual increase in these salaries.

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Other Salaries:} 

One graduate student will be funded for 3 academic quarters per year
at 50\% time.  Benefits are calculated at the rate of $14.2\%$.  We
budget for a $2\%$ annual increase in these salaries.  

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Tuition Costs:} 

We include tuition fees for one graduate student at the rate of
$\$4,427$ per quarter, for 3 academic quarters per year.  We budget
for a $10\%$ annnual increase in these fees.

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Equipment:} 

None

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Travel:} 

We budget for 2 domestic trips per year for collaboration and
conferences, at the rate of $X,XXX$ per trip (to cover travel to and 4
days lodging and per diem at reference destination Washington, DC).
This will be shared by the investigators and graduate student.

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Publication Charges:} 

Publication costs are budgeted at the electronic publishing charge
of \$110/page, for 20 pages/year.

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Computing Fees:} 

Computer support fees are budgeted at the nominal rate of \$67 per
person per month by the Physics and Astronomy Computing Services group
(PACS) at UW.  

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Indirect Costs:} 

Indirect costs are based on the MTDC rate of $54.5\%$ per the
negotiated agreement with DHHS dated 3/5/2013.

\pagebreak

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Personnel and Work Effort:}

PI Becker will work on this project at 50\% effort for the first
year of the project, and 25\% for the second.  His focus will be on
implementing a robust MCMC analysis of all the Kepler data, in
debugging failure modes, and in training the graduate student in the
art of Bayesian analysis.

Co--I Barnes will work on this project at 25\% effort in the second
year of the project, and 50\% in the third.  

Co--I Agol will assist as--needed.

The graduate student will work on this project at 50\% for 3 academic
quarters, for all 3 years of the project.  Their role will be to
become an expert in the analysis of the data, and in the
interpretation of the results and how it relates to tidal dissipation
in the population of planets studied.

\bigskip \noindent{\sc Facilities and Equipment:}

TBD
